no-issue add announcement for ng cli (#352)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/announcements-10-18-0.md

#### Planned

##### Deprecating @c8y/cli in favor of @angular/cli

> To improve our tooling and align more to the Angular standard, we will deprecate @c8y/cli and the `c8ycli` command in one of the next versions. Customers need to install the standard CLI from Angular (@angular/cli) and start the application via `ng` command. The Web SDK can then simply be added to the Angular CLI by running the command `ng add @c8y/websdk`. We will release a detailed description on how you can update your existing application in the Web SDK documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve our tooling and align closer to the Angular standard, we will deprecate @c8y/cli and the `c8ycli` command in a future version. Instead, users must install the standard CLI from Angular (@angular/cli) and start the application via `ng` command. The Web SDK can then simply be added to the Angular CLI by running the command `ng add @c8y/websdk`.  A detailed description on how you can update your existing application will be added to  the Web SDK documentation.
```
